List all types of databases that we have seem so far, giving utilisation examples
Relational: Banking
Key Value: Authentification server ecommerce
Document: invoices; library of events
Columnar: historical analysis
Graph: Social Media


What CAP stands for? Cite each subgroup with a scenario example on when to use each
CAP: Consistency; Availability; Partition-Tolerance
CA (Consistency; Availability): Banking
CP (Consistency;Partition-Tolerance): Different Server Sessions
AP (Availability; Partition-Tolerance): Stock Market


Give a business scenario where Base properties are important, give another for Acid
BASE: Streaming; trackers
ACID: Banking


List the types of file structures, mentioning the best use cases
Parquet; AVRO; CSV; JSON
Parquet & AVRO are best for Big  Data


Which types of joins exists on a relational database
Left Join
Right Join
Full Outer Join
Inner Join


When Data Manipulation Language is used? How is it different than Data Definition Language?
Manipulation: working with the data; manipulating the data
Data Definition: define the structure of the data we are using


What is the difference between a datawarehouse and a transactional database?
Datawarehouse: stores the data and focuses on the specific business domains needs
Transactiional Database: no time variance, it is event based.


In pairs define other examples of realtime, near realtime and batch examples
real time: radar system
near real time:  An example of near real-time processing is the production of operational intelligence, which is a combination of data processing and CEP. CEP is Complete Event Processing, and it involves combining data from multiple sources in order to detect patterns. CEP is useful for identifying opportunities in the data sets (such as sales leads) as well as threats (detecting an intruder in the network).
batch: records of accounting transactions (end of day dumps or monthly cycles)


List the advantages and disadvantages of each type.
Real time advantages: you have the data immediately
Real time disadvantages: expensive and need strong equipment to perform this

Near real time advantages: compromise between high cost and slower time to ingest the data; 
Near real time disadvantages: Still need to wait a couple of minutes to obtain the data

Batch Advantages: Lower costs to perform
Batch Disadvantages: Slow time to ingest the data because large files


What is devops and, from your perspective, which could be the gains of using it?
DevOps is a set of software development practices that combines software development (Dev) and information technology operations (Ops) to shorten the systems development life cycle while delivering features, fixes, and updates frequently in close alignment with business objectives
gains: can make incremental changes (quick wins) in a short period of time that can help the business integrate a new fixes rather that run through a full business case that can take 1-2 years to deliver and once it it delivered it is already obsolete.

Which are the devops phases?
Plan; code; build & test


What is continuous integration, why is it so important?
Continuous integration is a DevOps software development practice where developers regularly merge their code changes into a central repository, after which automated builds and tests are run. 
Continuous integration most often refers to the build or integration stage of the software release process and entails both an automation component (e.g. a CI or build service) and a cultural component (e.g. learning to integrate frequently). 
The key goals of continuous integration are to find and address bugs quicker, improve software quality, and reduce the time it takes to validate and release new software updates.
it is important because it creates the following benefits: 
1) Improve Developer Productivity
2) Find and Address Bugs Quicker
3) Deliver Updates Faster

Essentially it gets things done faster.


Can we have devops mindset on a non agile project?
no, if you are using devops mindset you need to deliver projects in an agile mindset, since with a devops mindset you are always making ocntinuous improvements and integrating them to the business.
This allows you to continuously improvement the project, if you are not in agile mindset than you are back to big business case that you only deliver after 2 years, when the technology developed over 2 years is already obsolete.
However, I believe you can use agile method on non dev opts projects, which will make a business run more efficienclty because people will be accountable at eveyr sprint.


